LAYOUT AND DESIGN

	1. Make a design and layout of the playing field - done. Alexander
		1.1. Create a playing field game-zona - done. Alexander
		1.2. Create a player - done. Alexander
		1.3. Create obstacles: trees, a pond - done. Alexander
		1.4. Create a Monster enemy - done. Alexander
		1.5. Create a house from which the player will exit - done. Alexander

		1.6. Create flowers food - done. Alexander
		1.7. Create a block with lives - done. Anastasia
		1.8. Create a block with points - done. Anastasia

		1.9.**Create a house-friend from which the player's friend will exit
		1.10.** Create a div friend he will plant other plants for Nyusha to collect them

	2. Make a design and layout of the start block - done. Yaroslav
		2.1. Start button

	3. Make a design and layout of the game-over block - done. Alexander
		3.1. Display "You lost" on the screen - done. Anastasia
		3.2. The number of points we earned - done. Anastasia
		3.3. Play some more - done. Anastasia

FUNCTIONALITY

	1. Make our player move by pressing the arrows on the keyboard: - done. Anastasia
	forward, backward, left, right

		1.2. Set a condition that the ball cannot turn where the blue blocks are - done. Anastasia
		1.3. Make it so that our block does not move if the ball has not reached the lower border - done. Anastasia
	2. Make the enemy move according to random values: forward, backward, left, right - done. Yaroslav

	3. Make flowers on the road for the player to collect. - done. Alexander

	4. Write down the condition. If the player's position/coordinates match the position of the flower - done. Anastasia
		4.1. The flower cycle disappears
		4.2. Points are added

DESIGN

	1. Make 4 pictures of the player for each movement: forward, backward, left, right (100px by 100px) - done. Anastasia
	2. Make a background picture (1000px by 1000px) - done. Anastasia
	3. Pick up pictures of flowers, chocolates, apples, at your discretion (50px by 50px) - done. Anastasia
	4. And you will need to fill the blue blocks with something - done. Anastasia

	5. Come up with a design for the start of the game - done. Yaroslav
	6. Come up with a design for the end of the game - done. Alexander